- [Instructor] The reverse proxy is another component
in our pattern that provides a large set of features
In a microservice-based system.
A reverse proxy acts as a front end
that all traffic to a server
or multiple servers passes through.
This helps to create a single entry point
that hides details of the underlying servers
from the client and allows functionality to be centralized
in the gateway.
In many microservice-based systems,
an API gateway platform,
which is one type of reverse proxy,
is placed at the edge of the microservice deployment,
where the traffic enters.
To reach the microservices,
all traffic must first pass through an API interface
located in the gateway.
This creates a secure access point
into the microservices and shields the clients
from any changes made beyond the gateway.
As traffic travels through the proxy,
it provides the opportunity to introduce security controls
into the system.
Before allowing the traffic to pass through,
it is common for a gateway to verify a client's token
by passing it to the IAM platform for verification.
This allows the identity and access management platform
to confirm the token's validity
and ensure that it hasn't expired.
We can also enforce access control within the gateway
by protecting specific resources or endpoints.
Other controls, such as spike arrest policies,
focus on limiting the amount of traffic
sent to the microservices
by preventing large bursts of traffic
from degrading API performance or causing an outage.
Another policy ensures that client requests
stay within a particular quota.
This helps increase availability of our microservices
and doesn't allow one client
to consume all of the resources.
Aside from policies,
API gateways also provide visibility into the traffic
that enters our microservices.
We can monitor and trace this traffic via dashboards
built into the tool,
and these can be helpful when we need to investigate
a security incident.
Additionally, there are many features
not related to security that we can interject
into an API gateway, like monetization.
API gateways often ship with portals,
where internal and external developers
can register their applications or clients
to consume the APIs implemented by our microservices.
This feature can integrate with the IAM platform
to meet OAuth standards surrounding client registration,
in order to provide a seamless and secure access
to the microservices.
If you've ever consumed a Facebook API
or a stack overflow API,
you've had to register your client,
and this is the capability
that a developer portal can provide.
As you explore identity and access management platforms
and API gateways, do not be surprised
if you find a bit of overlap between their capabilities.
It's not uncommon to find a little bit of OAuth
in an API gateway or some reverse proxy style capabilities
in an IAM platform.
For smaller systems, you may determine that a single product
meets your needs after a bit of research.
Also, you'll find that API gateways are available
in many hosting configurations, including on-prem,
cloud, and hybrid models.
Just make sure that whatever you choose,
it adheres to your organization's policies.
As you secure microservices,
you'll likely find and yourself integrating
one or both of these platforms into your services.
They provide many security capabilities
that are not practical for development teams
to build on their own,
but are necessary for securing microservices.
We'll look deeper into these platforms
to shed light on the additional security layers
nested inside so that you can confidently connect the wires
between your microservices and these platforms.